welcome back once again to house for the
food commie if you haven't already
please subscribe to my channel ok on the
menu today we're gonna make a fantastic
lamb bhuna really lovely curry this let
me just run through some ingredients
we're start with a starless show here's
our lamb there's no bone in this one you
can make it with bone I'm making this
without bone it's nice and lean little
bit of fat on it which is good
plenty of chopped onions nice and small
do you want to get this nice and smooth
I've got some mustard seed oil there ok
on the side the upper I'll go back two
or three medium size tomatoes I put in
my blender and whisk them up to a nice
fresh pureed here I've put about a
hundred grams of fresh yogurt we're
gonna have that later
flipping over to this side I've got some
fresh coriander again beautiful right at
the end here I've got some garlic and
ginger place by any means and in the
sense I've got a few spices happiness
just run through them so here are my
whole garam masala chopped up baby
cloves cinnamon green cardamom and red
chilli next to that you see how good
garam masala which we add at the end
that goes in at the beginning that goes
in right at the end and then in between
here I've got some sort I've got chili
powder cumin powder and coriander powder
about the same amount this week now if
you want you could use just your
favorite curry powder I don't think it's
quite the same so if you can go this
this way this version is much much
better it's gonna taste really morph
though really not authentic we need to
get over to this cook up start cooking
our lovely onions and lamb first of all
let's go okay
so as you can see I've got my pan on
it's on a fairly high heat I've got my
mustard oil in mustard oil it's quite
central to this you don't have it just
use a number well but it is good let's
start by getting in our whole garam
masala those bay leaves that cinnamon
cardamon a little bit of chilli and
those close simply just get these at
like 30 seconds not not even that
sometimes depending on what what
different types of dermis onion or just
want to do is get back oil heat it
through these and they're gonna release
loads of aromas of their own their
natural goodness in oil which is a nice
base start slightly pop and crackle and
then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go
in now I just gonna save with my onions
onions finish I mean wow it's just it's
not instant but nice taste
so just like that I'm gonna cook this
you're totally gonna take seven eight
minutes keep stirring it I'll be back
then
[Music]
so you can see how and I hold garam
masalas really good government smell
coming out it is fantastic now let's get
our planning on the cell goes on my
stripped allow me a nice and lean a
little bit fast that you can see on it
it's fantastic that take that off your
kind of neat that really little bit of
that's always good and again what we're
gonna do here this is kind of what makes
a boon up you know kind of be fairly joy
but trying this beat with these onions
the big parts of this dish so we're
gonna just do what I'm doing right now
stirring this around again I want to
kind of fairly high heat we're gonna
cook this just like this for about six
or seven minutes I see them nicely
nothing fried looking great now I'm
gonna add in our garlic ginger paste
50-50 mix that is and tomatoes purified
fresh tomatoes makes a massive
difference so any bug is that pakka
stuff it's not so good
good mix today I monster in there now
I'm gonna pull the lid off lower the
heat that needs to least 15 to 20
minutes see you then should we take a
look
steamed out so it doesn't cover the lens
for you nice-looking Manchester to me
okay now it's time for some spices out
whole spices
we've got coriander this salt there's 2
min and there's chilli powder about
equal amounts like I said then I could
stir show me absolutely delicious this
dish honestly really really nice it's
gonna be
okay our fresh coriander just a little
bit of it now I'm gonna add some more
later touch now touch later stir that in
now I'm gonna cook this off now about
another six seven minutes gonna raise
the heat a little bit not to a rage just
up a little bit medium heat now wanna
dry this out a little bit keeping the
lid on obviously keeps a lot of the
moisture inside we've done that to kind
of break down our tomatoes and get them
to this stage you now want to kind of
dry this out a little bit lid off stir
it every now and then see in a moment
okay look at that nice and dry now or
certainly drier that it was now why this
whole process is going our lamb is
getting really tender need to cook your
lamb bones or beef if you're going to
use beef example quite a long time to
get it really nice to succulent okay now
we're gonna add our yogurt to that
playing straight natural yogurt or curd
let's call this some places in the world
I'm gonna give that a good mix in
then we're gonna add the lid we've got a
very loving each now again about ten
minutes this time then it will come
together let that y'all got really
working there and apart from a couple of
other little bits to do this will be
done so lead on lower the heat see you
in ten minutes okay the final stage I've
just turned the heat off now I'm gonna
now add a little bit more of our fresh
coriander just to finish it off and then
if you remember that one did not be love
garam masala powder you know finishing
powder there I'll sprinkle on give this
a mix check it for salt I've checked
mine it's fine
this is gonna be great with some roti
rice chapati anything you like just
delicious a really nice rich sauce there
that meat is incredibly tender hope you
enjoy it see you again next time bye bye